#Product Details
Product Name: SenseCAP S2105 - LoRaWAN Soil Moisture, Temperature and EC Sensor
Product description: LoRaWAN Soil Moisture, Temperature, and EC Sensor, SenseCAP S2105. An IP66 wireless soil moisture, temperature, and EC 
sensor that runs on batteries. Its measurement ranges are 0 ~ 100% (m³/m³), -40 ~ 80℃, and 0 to 23 dS/m. It also has built-in Bluetooth and APP 
service for remote device management and OTA configuration.

#Getting Started
Download the SenseCAP Mate app from appstore or playstore
You can also create an account via the SenseCAP Portal: http://sensecap.seeed.cc
LED indicator on the Sensor Node and its status


Actions, Description and Green LED Status

Actions -> Description: First power up, press and hold for 3s -> Power on and activate the Bluetooth.

Green LED Status: LED flashes at 1s frequency, waiting for Bluetooth connection. If Bluetooth not connected within1 minute, the machine would shut down again.

Actions -> Description: Press once -> Reboot device and join LoRa network	

Green LED Status:

1. The LED will be on for 5 seconds for initialization 

2. Waiting for join LoRa network: breathing light flashing 

3. Join LoRa network success: LED flashes fast for 2s 

4. LoRa network join failure: LED suddenly stop.

Actions -> Description: Press and hold for 3s -> Activate Bluetooth again	

Green LED Status:

1. Waiting for Bluetooth connection: LED flashes at 1s frequency 

2. Enter configuration mode after Bluetooth connection is successful: LED flashes at 2s frequency If Bluetooth is not connected within1 minute, the device will reboot and join LoRa network.

Actions -> Description: Press and hold for 9s -> Power off	

Green LED Status:

In the 3rd seconds will start flashing at 1s frequency, until the light is steady on, release the button, the light will go out.

Download the App and connect to the APP

Hold down the button for three seconds, and the LED will flash once per second. If you don't use the app to connect the sensor within a minute, the device will restart or turn off.

Navigate to Users and select Device Bluetooth Configuration, choose "S210X Sensor," which includes products from the S210X series. To enable Bluetooth on the sensor click the "Setup" and 
"Advanced Configuration" buttons. Then, click "Scan" to begin the Bluetooth scanning process. (or) you can use the camera to scan the QR code on the sensor to bind the device.

Choose the Sensor using its S/N (found on the label on the front of the sensor). After logging in, the sensor's basic data will be presented.

After a successful Bluetooth connection, enter setup mode: LED flashes for two seconds.

# Downloading the SenseCAP APP and Configuring Parameters

Bind the device

Click add device and scan the QR code on the device to bind the device to your account.

Once you download the app open it and press the button on sensor and hold for 3 seconds, the LED will flash at 1s frequency.

Click on setup and Advanced Configuration to configure the sensor via bluetooth and click scan to find for available devices.

Select the sensor by S/N lable which you can find on the box

Choose the platform, I am using The Things Network. If you want to use SenseCAP for Things Network It must be used with SenseCAP Outdoor Gateway.

Choose the frequency plan for US choose US915.

Set the interval wake up the device and collect information for certain period of time. For example, the device collects and uploads data every 60 minutes by default.

The SenseCAP portal has a limit on uplink interval: minimum interval is 5 minutes. The interval using the other platforms ranges from 1 to 1440 minutes.

Choose the packet policy you have 3 options

2C+1N (default): 2C+1N (2 confirm packets and 1 none-confirm) is the best strategy, the mode can minimize the packet loss rate, however the device will consume the most data packet in TTN, 
or date credits in Helium network 

1C: 1C (1 confirm) the device will sleep after get 1 received confirm packet from server.

1N: 1N (1 none-confirm) the device only send packet and then start to sleep, no matter the server received the data or not.

Choose the activation type the OTAA is the default option. Over The Air Activation, it joins the network throughDevice EUI, App EUI, and App Key. You can also use 
ABP Activation By Personalization, it joins the network through DevAddr, NwkSkey, and AppSkey.

If you want to connect to The Things Network
Please refer to this manual:
https://files.seeedstudio.com/products/SenseCAP/S210X/How%20to%20Connect%20SenseCAP%20S210X%20to%20The%20Things%20Network.pdf

We need to follow same procees as we did for the Lora-E5
Navigate to THE THINGS NETWORK -> Applications -> Create Application -> Register End Device -> Enter brand name(SenseCAP) -> Model - S2105 -> Profile(region) - US_902_928
Choose Frequency plan, I am using US 902-928 MHz, FSB (used by TTN)
Enter the details Join EUI/ App EUI which you can find in the Sense CAP App and even on the box.



